add document about 0900 collations and variables (#14842)
pingcap/docs: character-set-and-collation.md

Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.08 sec)
```

> If the table character set and collation are not specified, the database character set and collation are used as their default values. When only the character set is specified as `utf8mb4` but the collation is not set, the collation is specified by the value of the system variable [default_collation_for_utf8mb4](/system-variables.md#default_collation_for_utf8mb4-new-in-v740).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the table character set and collation are not specified, the database character set and collation are used as their default values. If you only specify the character set as `utf8mb4` without specifying the collation, the collation is determined by the value of the system variable [`default_collation_for_utf8mb4`](/system-variables.md#default_collation_for_utf8mb4-new-in-v740).
```

Author: Done

    [COLLATE collation_name]
```

> If the column character set and collation are not specified, the table character set and collation are used as their default values. When only the character set is specified as `utf8mb4` but the collation is not set, the collation is specified by the value of the system variable [default_collation_for_utf8mb4](/system-variables.md#default_collation_for_utf8mb4-new-in-v740).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the column character set and collation are not specified, the table character set and collation are used as their default values. If you only specify the character set as `utf8mb4` without specifying the collation, the collation is determined by the value of the system variable [`default_collation_for_utf8mb4`](/system-variables.md#default_collation_for_utf8mb4-new-in-v740).
```
